NASA just announced a new plan in the
year 2022 NASA is planning to knock an
asteroid off course bet you wish you
thought of that dinosaurs they're
calling the project the double asteroid
redirection test also known as dart dar
T they're originally calling it the
first asteroid redirection test but I
didn't think they didn't like the way it
looked but this is exciting
the way it's gonna work is they plan to
hit the asteroid with a spacecraft and
then I well actually I'm not exactly
sure of how this is supposed to go so we
got in touch with the guy who is in
charge of the mission and he joins us
tonight from Houston please welcome dr.
Gus Cartwright and thank you dr.
Cartwright for joining us so happy to do
it let's talk about this mission because
I have to be honest the whole thing
sounds a little far-fetched to me how do
you plan to knock an asteroid off course
well it's pretty simple really we shoot
the damn thing oh you shoot it basically
yes we just kind of hoist our projectile
at the asteroid and hope it bonks it off
course you hope it bumped it off course
that's right it works like this our
thing hits the spacing and whoa Nellie
it's just sort of skedaddled around and
boopity Bebop's off in another direction
planets saved well but what if the
projectile breaks the asteroid apart and
then the debris the pieces of the
asteroid come hurtling toward Earth and
hit us well Jimmy I think we just have
to stay positive
I say we hope for the best well that's
that's not comforting at all I have to
say hey listen look folks I'm gonna
level with you
there's no way to stop an asteroid from
hitting here
I know it you know it HEC Mission
Control the only one who doesn't seem to
notice Bruce Willis but he's terrific
shout out to mr. Willis
we just thought it's been such a rough
couple of years with one scary thing
after that we just give this a shot just
to try to calm everyone down oh is that
so wrong well yeah I guess somebody did
inspire saying this will cost taxpayers
billions of dollars just work I know
Jimmy but can you really put a price on
peace of mind I think you can yeah well
look at it this way billions of dollars
won't mean a heck of a lot when life on
the planet comes to a sudden end now
will a Jim I guess not know you you
probably won't be running out to buy a
new Chrysler LeBaron when the hell fires
come well you know I most likely will
not okay then take a chill pill and go
watch that face hey listen Jimmy I gotta
run off to Congress might plan to
stop global warming oh good what is that
plan I can't give details but let's just
say it involves naked ladies yeah
they're gonna eat it okay good luck then
thank you
oh it's too late for luck oh oh no well
that's just Cartwright thanks so much
cousin
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry